com/tencent/ads/api/AdgroupNegativewordsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupNegativewordsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdLabelsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/UserActionSetsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AssetPermissionsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsInvalidPayApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DailyReportsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageInteractiveApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsCallApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsCallApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageByComponentsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicCreativesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/FundTransferApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/SystemStatusApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalEndadsmanuallyApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingTemplateApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/BidwordRptApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidwordRptApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundTransferApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WildcardsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/BusinessManagerRelationsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresSearchInfoApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdImagesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AudienceGrantRelationsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProgrammedTemplateApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProgrammedTemplateApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ChannelsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ObjectCommentFlagApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ObjectCommentFlagApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerTasksApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsFormApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudienceEstimationsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LabelAudiencesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertyFilesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsDetailApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsVerticalsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomTagFilesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/MergeFundTypeDailyBalanceReportApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.MergeFundTypeDailyBalanceReportApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/PagesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplateDetailApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductCatalogsReportsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsCallRecordsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsCallRecordsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/FileSchemaApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FileSchemaApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativePreviewsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdLabelApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagReportsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/FundStatementsDailyApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundStatementsDetailedApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DailyBalanceReportApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertySetSchemasApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WeixinOfficialAccountsUpgradeStatusApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WeixinOfficialAccountsUpgradeStatusApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchAsyncRequestsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/FundStatementsDetailedApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ImageProcessingApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/QuerywordRptApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.QuerywordRptApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingTemplateListApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ShopApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AsyncTaskFilesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdqReportsUpgradeStatusApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdqReportsUpgradeStatusApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageListApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/UserPropertySetsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/SplitTestsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomFeaturesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ReportApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/VideosApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/MergeFundTypeFundStatementsDetailedApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.MergeFundTypeFundStatementsDetailedApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DataSourceApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DataSourceApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WxPackageAccountApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WxPackageAccountApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingDeriveRoleApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingDeriveRoleApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/MergeFundTypeFundsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.MergeFundTypeFundsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatQualificationsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DataSourceDispatchApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DataSourceDispatchApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerSubtitlesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsCallRecordApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsCallRecordApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AppAndroidChannelPackagesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdTemplatesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductsSystemStatusApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/RealtimeCostApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertyFileSessionsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DplabelAdLabelApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/BidSimulationApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/SubcustomerTransferApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/MergeFundTypeSubcustomerTransferApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.MergeFundTypeSubcustomerTransferApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProgrammedApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProgrammedApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DiagnosisApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomTagsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagsUvApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertySetsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/EcommerceOrderApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AgencyInnerTransferApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ImagesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductCategoriesListApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/DataSetApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DataSetApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/UserActionsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApiTest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdgroupsApiTest.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApiTest
