com/tencent/ads/model/DailyReportsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyReportsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/FundTransferApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.FundTransferApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TagSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TagSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionAggregationRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionAggregationRule
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizationGoal.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizationGoal
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizationGoal$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductSeriesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductSeriesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetWechatPagesCsgroupUser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetWechatPagesCsgroupUser
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadCluesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadCluesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetTargetings.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetTargetings
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalBusinessQualificationReviewStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalBusinessQualificationReviewStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalBusinessQualificationReviewStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateDatetimeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateDatetimeStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdvertiserDetailApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserDetailApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/AddVideomakerAutoadjustments.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.AddVideomakerAutoadjustments
com/tencent/ads/model/DpDateRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpDateRange
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/Intention.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Intention
com/tencent/ads/model/FollowSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FollowSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceInsights.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceInsights
com/tencent/ads/model/OptTargetingStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptTargetingStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatSpecificationAccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatSpecificationAccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatSpecificationAccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DataPlatform.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DataPlatform
 com.tencent.ads.model.DataPlatform$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/UpdateCustomTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.UpdateCustomTags
com/tencent/ads/model/CompititionDiagnosisConclusionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompititionDiagnosisConclusionSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/FundsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TradeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TradeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TradeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ExposureCountFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExposureCountFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/HourlyReportsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HourlyReportsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerTasksGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerTasksGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeCreateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeCreateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetOptimizationGoalPermissions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetOptimizationGoalPermissions
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/AdParamApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdParamApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportSiteAdpermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportSiteAdpermit
com/tencent/ads/model/FeatureDataSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FeatureDataSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.FeatureDataSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddCustomTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddCustomTags
com/tencent/ads/model/SizeAdjustmentMethodEnum.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SizeAdjustmentMethodEnum
 com.tencent.ads.model.SizeAdjustmentMethodEnum$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductItemsVerticals.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductItemsVerticals
com/tencent/ads/model/DpAlitaPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpAlitaPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/AssetPrePermissionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AssetPrePermissionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/RejectInfoLocation.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RejectInfoLocation
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/Interest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Interest
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativePageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativePageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyRealtimeCostGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyRealtimeCostGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateConfiguredStatusAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateConfiguredStatusAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/AdParamGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdParamGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TrackingReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TrackingReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/ReportApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ReportApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceReport
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPackageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPackageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPackageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyDetailCopy.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyDetailCopy
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CpaEffectDataTrendsItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CpaEffectDataTrendsItem
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProfiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProfiles
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetLeadsForm.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetLeadsForm
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelAudiencesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelAudiencesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LinkUrlLinkNameType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkUrlLinkNameType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkUrlLinkNameType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/AsyncReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplatesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplatesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CropCustomizedSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CropCustomizedSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeEndPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeEndPage
com/tencent/ads/api/PlayablePagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.PlayablePagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCorporate.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCorporate
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingTemplateApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingTemplateApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/StructDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.StructDetail
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddBatchAsyncRequests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddBatchAsyncRequests
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementStoryArrayItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementStoryArrayItem
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ExtractRuleType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExtractRuleType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExtractRuleType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/UpdateLocalStores.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.UpdateLocalStores
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatIndustryQualificationsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatIndustryQualificationsStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetLeadClues.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetLeadClues
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelPackageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelPackageInfo
com/tencent/ads/container/CreativetoolsTextApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CreativetoolsTextApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ClickEffectDataStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClickEffectDataStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AuthorizerStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuthorizerStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneSpecTagsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneSpecTagsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportBidModeStructAdpermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportBidModeStructAdpermit
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomTagsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomTagsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatPoiHourlyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatPoiHourlyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdActionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdActionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdActionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/DiagnosisApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DiagnosisApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/IndustryQualificationsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IndustryQualificationsStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetProductCatalogsReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetProductCatalogsReports
com/tencent/ads/model/AdQualificationsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdQualificationsSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BidAmountSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidAmountSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateCampaignDailyBudgetItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateCampaignDailyBudgetItem
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPrePermissionsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPrePermissionsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatDailyCostApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatDailyCostApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatLinkAd.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLinkAd
com/tencent/ads/model/ExposureTargetingLabelContributionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExposureTargetingLabelContributionStruct
com/tencent/ads/JSON.java
 com.tencent.ads.JSON
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$1
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$ByteArrayAdapter
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$DateTypeAdapter
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$LocalDateTypeAdapter
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$OffsetDateTimeTypeAdapter
 com.tencent.ads.JSON$SqlDateTypeAdapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsFilteringStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsFilteringStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UIVisibility.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UIVisibility
 com.tencent.ads.model.UIVisibility$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatAdvertiserSpecification.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatAdvertiserSpecification
com/tencent/ads/model/IndividualQualification.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IndividualQualification
com/tencent/ads/model/AdLabelGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdLabelGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/TargetingTagsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TargetingTagsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/BrandApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BrandApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageProcessingAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageProcessingAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/SystemStatusApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.SystemStatusApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/UserPropertiesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UserPropertiesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ConfigureStatusSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConfigureStatusSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniGameSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniGameSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AreaSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AreaSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/TencentAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.TencentAds
 com.tencent.ads.TencentAds$1
 com.tencent.ads.TencentAds$TencentAdsHolder
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WildcardsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerAutoadjustmentsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateConfiguredStatusCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateConfiguredStatusCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/PaymentType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PaymentType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PaymentType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/DeleteLocalStores.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.DeleteLocalStores
com/tencent/ads/exception/TencentAdsSDKException.java
 com.tencent.ads.exception.TencentAdsSDKException
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyCostGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyCostGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportSite.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportSite
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelAudiencesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelAudiencesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/SubcustomerTransferAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SubcustomerTransferAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeUpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeUpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingTemplateListGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingTemplateListGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalEstimatedamount.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalEstimatedamount
com/tencent/ads/container/DailyBalanceReportApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DailyBalanceReportApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetLabels.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetLabels
com/tencent/ads/model/AccountTypeMap.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountTypeMap
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountTypeMap$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DiagnosisGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DiagnosisGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatAdvertisingDataSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatAdvertisingDataSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/FundTransferApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundTransferApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplateApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplateApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CropOperationSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CropOperationSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesContactUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesContactUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TemplatesPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TemplatesPageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TemplatesPageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGrantinfoGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGrantinfoGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetBatchAsyncRequests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetBatchAsyncRequests
com/tencent/ads/container/HourlyReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.HourlyReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddAds
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportAdUnionResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportAdUnionResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/DailyCostApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyCostApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomAudienceReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomAudienceReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/UserPropertySetsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UserPropertySetsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/utils/SignatureUtils.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.SignatureUtils
com/tencent/ads/examples/Authentication/RefreshAccessToken.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.Authentication.RefreshAccessToken
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetDynamicAdVideoTemplates.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetDynamicAdVideoTemplates
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetVideomakerTasks.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetVideomakerTasks
com/tencent/ads/api/CampaignsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$21
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$22
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$23
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$24
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$25
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$26
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$27
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$28
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$29
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$30
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.CampaignsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelPackageData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelPackageData
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteWinAdgroupListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteWinAdgroupListItem
com/tencent/ads/api/AdParamApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdParamApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageInteractiveAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageInteractiveAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LinkPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkPageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkPageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/RevisedAdcreativeElements.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RevisedAdcreativeElements
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/LandingPageReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.LandingPageReport
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/Chapter.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Chapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementEnumOption.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementEnumOption
com/tencent/ads/model/SizeAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SizeAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/AddAdvertiser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.AddAdvertiser
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesLeadsIneffectReason.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsIneffectReason
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsIneffectReason$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/ImageProcessingApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImageProcessingApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeAdHourlyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeAdHourlyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/FundStatementsDetailedApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.FundStatementsDetailedApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatPagesCustomApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatPagesCustomApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkNameStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkNameStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAccountFundType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountFundType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountFundType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLandingPageResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLandingPageResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/UrlRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UrlRestriction
com/tencent/ads/container/WildcardsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WildcardsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/EcInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcInfo
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomTagFilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomTagFilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateUnionPositionPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateUnionPositionPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupSysStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupSysStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupSysStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetBrand.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetBrand
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductItemsDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductItemsDetail
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/LeadsInvalidPayApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LeadsInvalidPayApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementForm.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementForm
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalEstimatedamountApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEstimatedamountApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/WechatAds/AddMiniProgramBannerAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.WechatAds.AddMiniProgramBannerAds
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportPageTypeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportPageTypeStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ItemType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ItemType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ItemType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsDetailApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsDetailApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetWechatPagesGrantinfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetWechatPagesGrantinfo
com/tencent/ads/api/DplabelAdLabelApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DplabelAdLabelApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/LeadsFormListApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LeadsFormListApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizeContentMainStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizeContentMainStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionEffectDataTrendsItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionEffectDataTrendsItem
com/tencent/ads/model/SubcustomerTransferAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SubcustomerTransferAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatDailyCost.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatDailyCost
com/tencent/ads/model/CardSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CardSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionChannelPackageData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionChannelPackageData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/WechatAds/AddLeadsAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.WechatAds.AddLeadsAds
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresSearchInfoApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresSearchInfoApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageInfo
com/tencent/ads/api/SystemStatusApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.SystemStatusApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgroupUserGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgroupUserGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesAddListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesAddListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddAdcreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddAdcreatives
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/AddAsyncReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.AddAsyncReports
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerAutoadjustmentsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatQualificationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatQualificationsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/DiagnosisConclusionSpecTimeRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DiagnosisConclusionSpecTimeRange
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplatePreview.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplatePreview
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStorePeakPeriodDate.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStorePeakPeriodDate
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStorePeakPeriodDate$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CompetePcvrTrendsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompetePcvrTrendsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteAttributionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteAttributionStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddProductItems.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddProductItems
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativeDisplayType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeDisplayType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeDisplayType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomLocationRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomLocationRule
com/tencent/ads/api/AgencyRealtimeCostApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyRealtimeCostApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetUserIdType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetUserIdType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetUserIdType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertyFileSessionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFileSessionsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/SiteSet.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SiteSet
 com.tencent.ads.model.SiteSet$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingAdvancedRecommendType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingAdvancedRecommendType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingAdvancedRecommendType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatOcpa.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatOcpa
com/tencent/ads/container/OptimizationGoalPermissionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdTemplatesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdTemplatesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateAssetPrePermissions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateAssetPrePermissions
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateDatetimeAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateDatetimeAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/SystemStatusGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SystemStatusGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniParamMatcherGroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniParamMatcherGroup
com/tencent/ads/model/AdLockStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdLockStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdLockStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateCampaignSpeedModeItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateCampaignSpeedModeItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/Schema.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Schema
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresCategoriesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresCategoriesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/EcommerceOrderApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.EcommerceOrderApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DplabelAdLabelGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DplabelAdLabelGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupSetting
com/tencent/ads/api/UserActionSetsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdFollowersApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdFollowersApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareItem
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionChannelPackageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionChannelPackageInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UnbreakableTargetingSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnbreakableTargetingSetting
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplatesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplatesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateDynamicCreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateDynamicCreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertyFilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertyFilesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalStores.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalStores
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyInnerTransferAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyInnerTransferAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/NoInterestClickRateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.NoInterestClickRateStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetEcommerceOrder.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetEcommerceOrder
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageUploadType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageUploadType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageUploadType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TagClass.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TagClass
 com.tencent.ads.model.TagClass$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/PropertyFilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PropertyFilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/ConversionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ConversionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LearningStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LearningStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.LearningStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddLocalStores.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddLocalStores
com/tencent/ads/container/UserActionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UserActionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CategoryItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CategoryItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingTemplateListGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingTemplateListGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasFloatButtonSpecType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasFloatButtonSpecType
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoreBizInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreBizInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PoiRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PoiRule
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneSpecTagsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneSpecTagsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplate.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplate
com/tencent/ads/model/SubcustomerTransferAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SubcustomerTransferAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplatesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplatesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectTypeWithoutJd.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectTypeWithoutJd
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectTypeWithoutJd$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/TargetingTagsUvApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TargetingTagsUvApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserAccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserAccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserAccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidChannelPackagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidChannelPackagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AppGiftPackCode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppGiftPackCode
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/guice/GuiceModule.java
 com.tencent.ads.guice.GuiceModule
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DpPageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpPageInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/guice/interceptors/AuthInterceptor.java
 com.tencent.ads.guice.interceptors.AuthInterceptor
com/tencent/ads/api/PagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PagesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyInnerTransferAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyInnerTransferAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/Permission.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Permission
com/tencent/ads/container/AsyncReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AsyncReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetAdParam.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetAdParam
com/tencent/ads/api/AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/AssetPermissionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPermissionsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagFilesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagFilesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/AddImageProcessing.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.AddImageProcessing
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingTemplateApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/PageOperateResponses.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageOperateResponses
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/ImageProcessingApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ImageProcessingApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/HeaderStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HeaderStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceProductType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceProductType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceProductType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/BatchRequestsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BatchRequestsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/FundsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/ConversionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ConversionsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageUrlType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageUrlType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageUrlType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAgencyApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAgencyApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddBatchRequests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddBatchRequests
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetBatchAsyncRequestSpecification.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetBatchAsyncRequestSpecification
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupDailyBudgetItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupDailyBudgetItem
com/tencent/ads/model/CatalogType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/PagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/tools/RapidAdsContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.tools.RapidAdsContainer
 com.tencent.ads.tools.RapidAdsContainer$BatchAddResult
 com.tencent.ads.tools.RapidAdsContainer$RapidAddAdsRequestData
 com.tencent.ads.tools.RapidAdsContainer$RapidAddAdsResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplatePreviews.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplatePreviews
com/tencent/ads/container/AppAndroidChannelPackagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AppAndroidChannelPackagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageFengyeSubType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageFengyeSubType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageFengyeSubType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ControlListItemDetailData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ControlListItemDetailData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalStoresAddressParsingResult.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalStoresAddressParsingResult
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativeElements.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativeElements
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BehaviorStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BehaviorStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatEcosystemAccounts.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatEcosystemAccounts
com/tencent/ads/container/BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CpaEffectDataItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CpaEffectDataItem
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizeStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizeStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizeStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SuccessLeadsIdListRespStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SuccessLeadsIdListRespStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateStructAdpermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateStructAdpermit
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/LabelsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LabelsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatDiagnosisResultSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatDiagnosisResultSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatCostDiagnosisResultSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatCostDiagnosisResultSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/IntSiteSetDefinition.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IntSiteSetDefinition
 com.tencent.ads.model.IntSiteSetDefinition$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsImportInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsImportInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PageElementsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageElementsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SubTemplateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SubTemplateStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/WechatAds/AddWechatMomentAdsWithLinkPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.WechatAds.AddWechatMomentAdsWithLinkPage
com/tencent/ads/model/XjTemplateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XjTemplateStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatesGetAdcreativeTemplateListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatesGetAdcreativeTemplateListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesGenderType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGenderType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGenderType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetFileInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetFileInfo
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteImages
com/tencent/ads/api/HourlyReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.HourlyReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/WebsiteReadStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WebsiteReadStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/SplitTestsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.SplitTestsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetTargetingTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetTargetingTags
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeGetSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeGetSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageConfig.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageConfig
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEndadsmanuallyAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEndadsmanuallyAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductInform.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductInform
com/tencent/ads/model/StatusSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.StatusSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyBalanceReportGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyBalanceReportGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AggregateAccountDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AggregateAccountDetail
com/tencent/ads/ProgressRequestBody.java
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressRequestBody
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressRequestBody$1
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressRequestBody$ProgressRequestListener
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesGrantinfoApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesGrantinfoApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CircleArea.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CircleArea
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/UpdatePropertyFileSessions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.UpdatePropertyFileSessions
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomAudienceFilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomAudienceFilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/MetricDetailData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MetricDetailData
com/tencent/ads/api/ShopApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ShopApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/UrlMatcherGroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UrlMatcherGroup
com/tencent/ads/model/GlobalSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GlobalSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/DailyReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdFollowersGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdFollowersGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/QualificationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.QualificationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateBidAmountStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateBidAmountStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetAdvertiser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetAdvertiser
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddPropertyFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddPropertyFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/ExEcoLocalBusinessMode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExEcoLocalBusinessMode
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExEcoLocalBusinessMode$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/CustomApp.java
 com.tencent.ads.CustomApp
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ComplianceValidationGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComplianceValidationGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteProfiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteProfiles
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/EcommerceOrderApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.EcommerceOrderApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/OperationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OperationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.OperationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AccountTypeMapInnerTransfer.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountTypeMapInnerTransfer
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountTypeMapInnerTransfer$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetAsyncReportFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetAsyncReportFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/RiskTypeStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RiskTypeStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.RiskTypeStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDailyGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDailyGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomFeature.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomFeature
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AuditRejectItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuditRejectItem
com/tencent/ads/model/CreateLocalStoreStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateLocalStoreStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/TrackingReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TrackingReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoEndPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoEndPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsReportsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsReportsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatFundStatementsDetailedApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PathType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PathType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PathType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/ApiCallback.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiCallback
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailedFundStatement.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailedFundStatement
com/tencent/ads/model/RealtimeCostGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RealtimeCostGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeMyappLandingPageInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeMyappLandingPageInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeData
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkNameTypePermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkNameTypePermit
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportVideoFrameRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportVideoFrameRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatAdgroupHourlyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatAdgroupHourlyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/FundsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.FundsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/TargetingTagReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TargetingTagReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateBidAmountAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateBidAmountAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddTargetings.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddTargetings
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateXijingPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateXijingPage
com/tencent/ads/container/AdgroupsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdgroupsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatBusinessType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatBusinessType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatBusinessType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SystemStatusGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SystemStatusGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeCreateAndroidChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeCreateAndroidChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/AdsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/HourlyReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HourlyReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/FengyeSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FengyeSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetWechatAdFollowers.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetWechatAdFollowers
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeLabel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeLabel
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CityLevel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CityLevel
 com.tencent.ads.model.CityLevel$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetSplitTests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetSplitTests
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetCustomTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetCustomTags
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkPageStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkPageStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomLocationDateRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomLocationDateRange
com/tencent/ads/model/EffectivePlayRateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EffectivePlayRateStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/OuterCluesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.OuterCluesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/ProgressResponseBody.java
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressResponseBody
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressResponseBody$1
 com.tencent.ads.ProgressResponseBody$ProgressListener
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdLabel.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdLabel
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatPagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatPagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddLocal.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddLocal
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantToBusinessSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantToBusinessSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/UpdateCustomAudiences.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.UpdateCustomAudiences
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductSeriesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductSeriesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CtrLevelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CtrLevelStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/BarrageApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertiesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertiesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatMomentsAdgroupHourlyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatMomentsAdgroupHourlyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionDataType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionDataType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionDataType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetFundStatementsDaily.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetFundStatementsDaily
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/DplabelAdLabelApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DplabelAdLabelApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCreativeElementsMp.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCreativeElementsMp
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniProgramSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniProgramSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetConversions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetConversions
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkPageStructPermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkPageStructPermit
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomerProfileStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomerProfileStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/BatchOperationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BatchOperationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ConfigsDetailDataArrayItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConfigsDetailDataArrayItem
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativeLabel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeLabel
com/tencent/ads/model/OrderDeliverySpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OrderDeliverySpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdLabelGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdLabelGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresCategoriesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresCategoriesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerVideocapturesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerVideocapturesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/ApiContextConfig.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiContextConfig
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetWechatPagesCsgrouplist.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetWechatPagesCsgrouplist
com/tencent/ads/container/LabelAudiencesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LabelAudiencesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DpWriteTargetingSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpWriteTargetingSetting
com/tencent/ads/model/ViewerIdType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ViewerIdType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ViewerIdType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsInvalidPayApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsInvalidPayApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/SiteSetPackageStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SiteSetPackageStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsVerticalsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsVerticalsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyRealtimeCostGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyRealtimeCostGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TransferType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TransferType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TransferType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CatalogScale.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogScale
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogScale$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatFunds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatFunds
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplateApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateUnionPositionPackageItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateUnionPositionPackageItem
com/tencent/ads/model/RevisedPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RevisedPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetBidSimulation.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetBidSimulation
com/tencent/ads/model/LongVideoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LongVideoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelRemarkItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelRemarkItem
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneSpecTagsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneSpecTagsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskResultStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskResultStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskResultStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/BidMode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidMode
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidMode$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AuthorizationStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuthorizationStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuthorizationStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatAdvertiserDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatAdvertiserDetail
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementButtonRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementButtonRead
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportVideoFrameResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportVideoFrameResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ResidentialCommunityPriceStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResidentialCommunityPriceStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyCostGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyCostGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductionPlace.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductionPlace
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductionPlace$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/OauthApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.OauthApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestTaskSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestTaskSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatQualificationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatQualificationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetLeadsInvalidPay.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetLeadsInvalidPay
com/tencent/ads/model/LinkNameType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkNameType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkNameType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementSwipe.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementSwipe
com/tencent/ads/model/AppIosSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppIosSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetTargetingsShare.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetTargetingsShare
com/tencent/ads/model/PageStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPageSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPageSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPageSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/MediaSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationAudienceSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationAudienceSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatDailyCostApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatDailyCostApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyBalanceReportGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyBalanceReportGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionScene.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionScene
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionScene$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetLeadsFormList.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetLeadsFormList
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetCustomAudienceFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetCustomAudienceFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdDiagnosis.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdDiagnosis
com/tencent/ads/model/Capability.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Capability
 com.tencent.ads.model.Capability$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/FailReasonStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FailReasonStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SerialStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SerialStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.SerialStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/DeleteAdItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeleteAdItem
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalStoresApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalStoresApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CombineSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CombineSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserInfoSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserInfoSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CropSmartSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CropSmartSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddVideos.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddVideos
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdFollowersApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdFollowersApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoCaptureImageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoCaptureImageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoCaptureImageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TrackingReportListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TrackingReportListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementWebview.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementWebview
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormListGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormListGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasFloatElementType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasFloatElementType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasFloatElementType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionWorthGoal.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionWorthGoal
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionWorthGoal$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteBidDetailsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteBidDetailsStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/WildcardsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WildcardsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/OsV2.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OsV2
 com.tencent.ads.model.OsV2$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PreviewPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PreviewPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductsSystemStatusApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductsSystemStatusApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportAdUnionRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportAdUnionRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetAsyncReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetAsyncReports
com/tencent/ads/container/DynamicCreativesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DynamicCreativesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyBalanceReportGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyBalanceReportGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ClothCount.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClothCount
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClothCount$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetBarrage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetBarrage
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignCreateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignCreateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PointStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PointStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/BatchAsyncRequestsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BatchAsyncRequestsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/BidSimulationGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidSimulationGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAsyncTaskFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAsyncTaskFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/DeleteAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.DeleteAds
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetAds
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionsUserId.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionsUserId
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySet.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySet
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeBrand.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeBrand
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoreCustomerProfileGender.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreCustomerProfileGender
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreCustomerProfileGender$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelAudiencesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelAudiencesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CalcStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CalcStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.CalcStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/UserActionSetReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UserActionSetReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateConfiguredStatusAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateConfiguredStatusAds
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetAgencyRealtimeCost.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetAgencyRealtimeCost
com/tencent/ads/model/PageSource.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageSource
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageSource$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicProductSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicProductSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TourPlaceDomestic.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TourPlaceDomestic
 com.tencent.ads.model.TourPlaceDomestic$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/MarketingScene.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MarketingScene
 com.tencent.ads.model.MarketingScene$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingPageByComponentsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingPageByComponentsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/FundTransferAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundTransferAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/SystemStatusGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SystemStatusGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LbsAreaType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsAreaType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsAreaType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PagePublishStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PagePublishStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PagePublishStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LableDirection.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LableDirection
 com.tencent.ads.model.LableDirection$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfileType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfileType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfileType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/FloatingZone.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FloatingZone
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativePreviewsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddImages
com/tencent/ads/container/AudienceGrantRelationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AudienceGrantRelationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/utils/DigestUtils.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.DigestUtils
com/tencent/ads/api/AdsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$21
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$22
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$23
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$24
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$25
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesSpecLogicOperator.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSpecLogicOperator
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSpecLogicOperator$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteWinRateFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteWinRateFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsDetailGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsDetailGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsContactInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsContactInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SimpleRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SimpleRule
com/tencent/ads/api/AsyncReportFilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncReportFilesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAccountTradeStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountTradeStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountTradeStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniGameWechatSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniGameWechatSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddWechatFundTransfer.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddWechatFundTransfer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatQualificationsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatQualificationsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetAudienceGrantRelations.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetAudienceGrantRelations
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionChannelType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionChannelType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionChannelType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesContactUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesContactUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesUpdateListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesUpdateListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatScene.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatScene
com/tencent/ads/model/Summary.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Summary
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdVideoApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativeSelectionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeSelectionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeSelectionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/AgencyInnerTransferApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AgencyInnerTransferApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountRequest
com/tencent/ads/anno/AuthInfoAppend.java
 com.tencent.ads.anno.AuthInfoAppend
com/tencent/ads/container/DailyReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DailyReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/SizeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SizeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.SizeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CreatePageResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreatePageResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/EcoLocalBusinessMode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcoLocalBusinessMode
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcoLocalBusinessMode$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageUsage.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageUsage
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageUsage$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CollectionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CollectionStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddWechatPagesCustom.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddWechatPagesCustom
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplateDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplateDetail
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatDailyCostGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatDailyCostGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagQueryMode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagQueryMode
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagQueryMode$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPositionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPositionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPositionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/IndustryQualificationsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IndustryQualificationsSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AppAndroidMyappSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppAndroidMyappSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelsLabel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelsLabel
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsUserType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsUserType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsUserType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePageDirection.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePageDirection
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePageDirection$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeUpdateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeUpdateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetTaskListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetTaskListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductSeries.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductSeries
com/tencent/ads/model/FeatureSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FeatureSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/PageSpecsListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageSpecsListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/VideoFrameReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.VideoFrameReport
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageStructure.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageStructure
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeUnionPositionReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeUnionPositionReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetXijingPageList.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetXijingPageList
com/tencent/ads/model/CommonParamExceptionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CommonParamExceptionSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionSetAccessWayType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionSetAccessWayType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionSetAccessWayType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ExcludedDimension.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExcludedDimension
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExcludedDimension$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/AdDiagnosisApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdDiagnosisApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFilesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFilesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ContractOccupiedSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ContractOccupiedSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/LabelAudiencesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelAudiencesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdLabelsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdLabelsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsGetQuerySpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsGetQuerySpec
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageByComponentsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageByComponentsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasAppAndroidSpecType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasAppAndroidSpecType
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomAudiencesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomAudiencesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CompititionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompititionSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ClickDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClickDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TextRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TextRestriction
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoTemplateType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoTemplateType
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoTemplateType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudienceInsightsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceInsightsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/DeleteCustomTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.DeleteCustomTags
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/AddSplitTests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.AddSplitTests
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ResponsePotentialStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResponsePotentialStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TrackingReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TrackingReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementVideo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementVideo
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupDeepConversionWorthAdvancedRateItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupDeepConversionWorthAdvancedRateItem
com/tencent/ads/api/ReportApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ReportApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CapabilitiesGetQuerySpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CapabilitiesGetQuerySpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceFilesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceFilesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/DiagnosisApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DiagnosisApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetDailyBalanceReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetDailyBalanceReport
com/tencent/ads/model/BillingEvent.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BillingEvent
 com.tencent.ads.model.BillingEvent$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ShortVideoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShortVideoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ResourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceEstimationsGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceEstimationsGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DestinationTypeRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DestinationTypeRead
 com.tencent.ads.model.DestinationTypeRead$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/DeleteCustomAudiences.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.DeleteCustomAudiences
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoCaptureStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoCaptureStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LengthAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LengthAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageRestriction
com/tencent/ads/model/CatalogVertical.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogVertical
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogVertical$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetWechatQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetWechatQualifications
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/GetPropertySetSchemas.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.GetPropertySetSchemas
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdQualificationsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdQualificationsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ExpressCompany.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExpressCompany
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExpressCompany$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/MusicAdjustmentMethodEnum.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MusicAdjustmentMethodEnum
 com.tencent.ads.model.MusicAdjustmentMethodEnum$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesContactUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesContactUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateTargetingIdItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateTargetingIdItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAgencyGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAgencyGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionMatchRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionMatchRule
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddUserProperties.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddUserProperties
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomAudienceInsightsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomAudienceInsightsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetType
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdNum.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdNum
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdNum$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DiagnosisGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DiagnosisGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CompetePctrTrendsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompetePctrTrendsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AccessStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccessStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccessStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/UserPropertySetsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertySetsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetTaskListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetTaskListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomerSystemStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomerSystemStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomerSystemStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertiesUserId.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertiesUserId
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesSearchFilteringStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSearchFilteringStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsUvGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsUvGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/ApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/PropertySetSchemasApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PropertySetSchemasApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeImageList.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeImageList
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateAds
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterLeadsStatusInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterLeadsStatusInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatAdgroupDailyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatAdgroupDailyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEstimatedamountGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEstimatedamountGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplateListApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateListApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdDiagnosisGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdDiagnosisGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdLabelApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdLabelApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ShootingSceneOutCount.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingSceneOutCount
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingSceneOutCount$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeMiniProgramSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeMiniProgramSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationReadTargetingSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationReadTargetingSetting
com/tencent/ads/api/FundStatementsDetailedApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDetailedApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/HourlyReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HourlyReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingTemplateGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingTemplateGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessManagerRelationsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessManagerRelationsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/WechatAds/AddRewardedVideoAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.WechatAds.AddRewardedVideoAds
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePageAuditStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePageAuditStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePageAuditStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/AddFundTransfer.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.AddFundTransfer
com/tencent/ads/model/CropCustomizedSpecAndResize.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CropCustomizedSpecAndResize
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchRequestsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchRequestsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceEstimationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceEstimationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAdDiagnosisListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAdDiagnosisListItem
com/tencent/ads/model/ResponseDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResponseDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CapabilitiesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CapabilitiesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/PropertyFileSessionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PropertyFileSessionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CtrFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CtrFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetHourlyReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetHourlyReports
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectAppIosSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectAppIosSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductOwnerType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductOwnerType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductOwnerType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetAssetPrePermissions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetAssetPrePermissions
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/ApiClient.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiClient
 com.tencent.ads.ApiClient$1
 com.tencent.ads.ApiClient$2
 com.tencent.ads.ApiClient$3
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneTargetingForWrite.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneTargetingForWrite
com/tencent/ads/model/LbsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchOperationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchOperationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementImage.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementImage
com/tencent/ads/model/CreateControlListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateControlListItem
com/tencent/ads/model/Metrics.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Metrics
com/tencent/ads/model/GeoLocations.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GeoLocations
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCreativeElementsReadMp.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCreativeElementsReadMp
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WecomSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WecomSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ConfPageSize500.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConfPageSize500
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/DailyCostApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DailyCostApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/AuthorizationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AuthorizationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetCustomAudiences.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetCustomAudiences
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerSubtitlesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerSubtitlesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/LabelsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LabelsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/AddVideomakerSubtitles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.AddVideomakerSubtitles
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateAdcreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateAdcreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/FloatButtonSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FloatButtonSpec
com/tencent/ads/GzipRequestInterceptor.java
 com.tencent.ads.GzipRequestInterceptor
 com.tencent.ads.GzipRequestInterceptor$1
 com.tencent.ads.GzipRequestInterceptor$2
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementGoods.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementGoods
com/tencent/ads/model/FundTransferAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundTransferAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAgencyGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAgencyGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdRuleType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdRuleType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdRuleType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PageAuditStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageAuditStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageAuditStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CompititionAnalysisDetailSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompititionAnalysisDetailSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetFundStatementsDetailed.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetFundStatementsDetailed
com/tencent/ads/model/Dimension.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Dimension
com/tencent/ads/model/Tag.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Tag
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignUpdateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignUpdateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetAdcreativeTemplateListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateDetailGetAdcreativeTemplateListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/DeleteQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.DeleteQualifications
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AggregationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AggregationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AggregationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/OuterCluesContactApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesContactApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageFiltering.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageFiltering
com/tencent/ads/model/AttributesStructCopy.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AttributesStructCopy
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetTargetingTagsUv.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetTargetingTagsUv
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductionSource.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductionSource
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductionSource$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PackageSysStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageSysStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageSysStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalEndadsmanuallyApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalEndadsmanuallyApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/SubcustomerTransferApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.SubcustomerTransferApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageByComponentsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageByComponentsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/Adcreative.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Adcreative
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdConfiguredStatusItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdConfiguredStatusItem
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCreativeElements.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCreativeElements
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetQualifications
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativetoolsTextGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativetoolsTextGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyDetail
com/tencent/ads/anno/NoInterceptor.java
 com.tencent.ads.anno.NoInterceptor
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageAddListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageAddListStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdvertiserApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/MediaType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaType
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeCreateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeCreateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AppAndroidSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppAndroidSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingShareType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingShareType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingShareType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportBillingSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportBillingSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/BrideClothing.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrideClothing
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrideClothing$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatPagesCsgroupUserApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PreviewAdcreative.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PreviewAdcreative
com/tencent/ads/model/PageElementsType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageElementsType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageElementsType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetDynamicCreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetDynamicCreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDailyGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDailyGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DeleteCampaignItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeleteCampaignItem
com/tencent/ads/model/GrantInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GrantInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionWorthSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionWorthSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCreativeElementsRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCreativeElementsRead
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdBehavior.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdBehavior
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductItems.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductItems
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddProductCatalogs.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddProductCatalogs
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductCatalogsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerTasksGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerTasksGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddAndroidUnionChannelPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddAndroidUnionChannelPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesLeadsIntentionScore.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsIntentionScore
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsIntentionScore$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsAddGrantSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsAddGrantSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ExposureDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExposureDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingWidenessRateFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingWidenessRateFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepLinkEnabled.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepLinkEnabled
com/tencent/ads/model/FormListItemData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FormListItemData
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AutoAcquisitionStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AutoAcquisitionStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AutoAcquisitionStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkPageType
com/tencent/ads/container/AgencyRealtimeCostApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AgencyRealtimeCostApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupUpdateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupUpdateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ShelfButtonSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShelfButtonSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/VideomakerSubtitlesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.VideomakerSubtitlesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/SuccessPoiInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SuccessPoiInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/UpdateOuterCluesContact.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.UpdateOuterCluesContact
com/tencent/ads/model/CvrFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CvrFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CreateAndroidChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateAndroidChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresSearchInfoGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresSearchInfoGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetAdcreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetAdcreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/AllDataSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AllDataSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPageResourceStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPageResourceStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPageResourceStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/HourRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HourRange
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/TargetingsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TargetingsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageConfigPermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageConfigPermit
com/tencent/ads/container/PromotedObjectsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PromotedObjectsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/StatusType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.StatusType
 com.tencent.ads.model.StatusType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/DynamicAdImagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DynamicAdImagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/FrequencySpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FrequencySpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCategoriesListGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCategoriesListGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/GetUserActionSets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.GetUserActionSets
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/AddAgencyInnerTransfer.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.AddAgencyInnerTransfer
com/tencent/ads/api/UserActionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/OrderByStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OrderByStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CapabilitiesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CapabilitiesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageListCreateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageListCreateStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WildcardType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/SplitTestsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.SplitTestsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomFeaturesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomFeaturesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/FundsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AppAndroidChannelPackagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppAndroidChannelPackagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/AgencyInnerTransferApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AgencyInnerTransferApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/CapabilitiesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CapabilitiesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagReportsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagReportsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessMdmRelationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessMdmRelationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessMdmRelationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OauthTokenResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OauthTokenResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TextSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TextSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatFundStatementsDetailed.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatFundStatementsDetailed
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundTransferApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundTransferApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPrePermissionsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPrePermissionsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductTypeDianpingShop.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductTypeDianpingShop
com/tencent/ads/api/OauthApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.OauthApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignGetSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignGetSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ResizeSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ResizeSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/PagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEndadsmanuallyAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEndadsmanuallyAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/UnionPositionPackagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.UnionPositionPackagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DataFile.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DataFile
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplateDetailApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/BarrageRecommendApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BarrageRecommendApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ComplianceValidationGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComplianceValidationGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/RoleType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RoleType
 com.tencent.ads.model.RoleType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomFileFeatureSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomFileFeatureSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ComplexPageConfigType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComplexPageConfigType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComplexPageConfigType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeRange
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AggregationMatcher.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AggregationMatcher
com/tencent/ads/model/ManualAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ManualAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/api/OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.OptimizationGoalPermissionsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLevel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLevel
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLevel$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetBusinessMdmAccountRelations.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetBusinessMdmAccountRelations
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagFilesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagFilesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeShopImageStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeShopImageStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomerProfileIncomeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomerProfileIncomeStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeGranularity.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeGranularity
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeGranularity$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ChosenButton.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChosenButton
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UrlMatcher.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UrlMatcher
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetDailyReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetDailyReports
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteUserAcceptanceStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteUserAcceptanceStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoreOpeningStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreOpeningStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreOpeningStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativeElementsRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativeElementsRead
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomTagFilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagFilesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/BehaviorOrInterest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BehaviorOrInterest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdditionalUserActionSetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdditionalUserActionSetStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/AsyncReportFilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AsyncReportFilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalWechatFundSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalWechatFundSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/PlayablePagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PlayablePagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignTargeting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignTargeting
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddUserPropertySets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddUserPropertySets
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddBatchOperation.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddBatchOperation
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LbsPOIType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsPOIType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsPOIType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/ApiResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/AsyncTaskFilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AsyncTaskFilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddPropertySetSchemas.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddPropertySetSchemas
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportTaskSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportTaskSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CreateSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetRealtimeCost.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetRealtimeCost
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/AddAsyncTasks.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.AddAsyncTasks
com/tencent/ads/model/UserIdType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserIdType
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserIdType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TourPlaceForeign.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TourPlaceForeign
 com.tencent.ads.model.TourPlaceForeign$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DiagnosisGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DiagnosisGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceFilesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceFilesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LastModifiedTimeRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LastModifiedTimeRange
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsInvalidPayGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsInvalidPayGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CrossCityRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CrossCityRule
com/tencent/ads/container/TargetingsShareApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.TargetingsShareApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeSampleImage.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeSampleImage
com/tencent/ads/container/BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneSpecTagsType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneSpecTagsType
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneSpecTagsType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AuditStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuditStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuditStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/GrantBusinessPermission.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GrantBusinessPermission
com/tencent/ads/model/SmartBidType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SmartBidType
 com.tencent.ads.model.SmartBidType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/Originality.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Originality
 com.tencent.ads.model.Originality$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/AndroidChannelPackagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AndroidChannelPackagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativetoolsTextGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativetoolsTextGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OtherData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OtherData
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresCategoriesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresCategoriesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApi$9
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddXijingPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddXijingPage
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionOptimizationGoal.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionOptimizationGoal
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionOptimizationGoal$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetPromotedObjects.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetPromotedObjects
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDetailedGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDetailedGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CurrencyType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CurrencyType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CurrencyType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetXijingTemplateList.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetXijingTemplateList
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPrePermissionsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPrePermissionsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAccountTradeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountTradeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAccountTradeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementArrayProperty.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementArrayProperty
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasPageElementType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasPageElementType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasPageElementType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatIndustryQualificationsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatIndustryQualificationsSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OperateSuggestion.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OperateSuggestion
 com.tencent.ads.model.OperateSuggestion$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AttributesStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AttributesStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DeliveryDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeliveryDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ClaimType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClaimType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClaimType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/Configuration.java
 com.tencent.ads.Configuration
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetXijingTemplate.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetXijingTemplate
com/tencent/ads/model/DateRangeTransaction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DateRangeTransaction
com/tencent/ads/model/Conf.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Conf
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/UpdatePropertySetSchemas.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.UpdatePropertySetSchemas
com/tencent/ads/model/FloatingZoneType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FloatingZoneType
 com.tencent.ads.model.FloatingZoneType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatAgency.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatAgency
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingPkgSourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingPkgSourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingPkgSourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/AdgroupsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$21
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$22
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$23
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$24
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$25
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$26
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$27
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$28
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$29
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$30
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$31
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$32
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$33
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$34
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$35
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$36
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$37
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$38
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$39
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$40
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdgroupsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsFormListApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormListApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresCategoriesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresCategoriesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/InteractivePageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.InteractivePageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.InteractivePageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatAdHourlyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatAdHourlyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportDateRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportDateRange
com/tencent/ads/model/AccountRoleType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountRoleType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountRoleType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkNameType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkNameType
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchRequestsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchRequestsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/GrantAllType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GrantAllType
 com.tencent.ads.model.GrantAllType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizeSubContentStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizeSubContentStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCustomAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCustomAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdvertiserDetailApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdvertiserDetailApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PageTypeRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageTypeRead
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageTypeRead$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageRecommendGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageRecommendGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/CreativetoolsTextApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CreativetoolsTextApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/ProfilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProfilesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageRecommendGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageRecommendGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagFile.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagFile
com/tencent/ads/model/AppAndroidChannelPackagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppAndroidChannelPackagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ComplianceValidationGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComplianceValidationGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/ConversionsPredictReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.ConversionsPredictReport
com/tencent/ads/model/PageListQueryType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageListQueryType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageListQueryType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocardInterestsListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocardInterestsListItem
com/tencent/ads/model/HistoryCpcSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.HistoryCpcSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetUnionPositionPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetUnionPositionPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportBidModeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportBidModeStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddUnionPositionPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddUnionPositionPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeLabelledImg.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeLabelledImg
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageProcessingAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageProcessingAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CreateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/BMAccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BMAccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.BMAccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AccessType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccessType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccessType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/UserActionSetsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UserActionSetsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElement.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElement
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionGrantType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionGrantType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionGrantType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudienceEstimationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceEstimationsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductsSystemStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductsSystemStatus
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetWechatPages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetWechatPages
com/tencent/ads/model/AdStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetDynamicAdTemplates.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetDynamicAdTemplates
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetAndroidUnionChannelPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetAndroidUnionChannelPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasGlobalElementType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasGlobalElementType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasGlobalElementType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasAppIosSpecType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasAppIosSpecType
com/tencent/ads/model/BidSimulationGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidSimulationGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddPropertySets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddPropertySets
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCustomAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCustomAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/AddVideomakerVideocaptures.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.AddVideomakerVideocaptures
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/UpdateWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.UpdateWechatAdvertiserLocalBusiness
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectSpecRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectSpecRead
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/GetUserActionSetReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.GetUserActionSetReports
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativePreviews.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativePreviews
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportAdUnionResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportAdUnionResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertiesAddProperty.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertiesAddProperty
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LinkSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkSpec
com/tencent/ads/utils/LangUtils.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.LangUtils
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageListGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageListGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetSystemStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetSystemStatus
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionChannelTaskStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionChannelTaskStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionChannelTaskStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ReadTargetingSettingForAdgroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReadTargetingSettingForAdgroup
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdvertiserApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdvertiserApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyRealtimeCostGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyRealtimeCostGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AggregationMatcherGroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AggregationMatcherGroup
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/AddOuterClues.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.AddOuterClues
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/GlobalSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GlobalSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/OptBudgetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptBudgetStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsDetailGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsDetailGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/DynamicAdVideoApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DynamicAdVideoApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductCatalogsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductCatalogsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DimensionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DimensionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DimensionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesLeadsConvertType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsConvertType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsConvertType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDailyBudgetUpdateDailyBudgetStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LengthAdjustmentMethod.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LengthAdjustmentMethod
 com.tencent.ads.model.LengthAdjustmentMethod$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativeGroupUsed.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativeGroupUsed
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativeGroupUsed$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductVisibility.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductVisibility
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductVisibility$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BidAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatDailyCostGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatDailyCostGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementEnumProperty.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementEnumProperty
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatMpOpenFundType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatMpOpenFundType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatMpOpenFundType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CartoonColor.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CartoonColor
 com.tencent.ads.model.CartoonColor$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationSceneTargeting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationSceneTargeting
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/DeleteTargetings.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.DeleteTargetings
com/tencent/ads/auth/HttpBasicAuth.java
 com.tencent.ads.auth.HttpBasicAuth
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/MediaSystemStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaSystemStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaSystemStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskAdcreative.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskAdcreative
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplates.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplates
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/FileProcessStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FileProcessStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.FileProcessStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAuthStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAuthStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAuthStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsUvGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsUvGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DeviceBrandModel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeviceBrandModel
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ComponentsPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComponentsPageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ComponentsPageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetComplianceValidation.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetComplianceValidation
com/tencent/ads/auth/OAuthFlow.java
 com.tencent.ads.auth.OAuthFlow
com/tencent/ads/model/WriteTargetingSettingForAdgroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WriteTargetingSettingForAdgroup
com/tencent/ads/api/TrackingReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TrackingReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WebsiteUpdateStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WebsiteUpdateStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetWechatAdLabels.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetWechatAdLabels
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageListReadStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageListReadStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ReadTargetingSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReadTargetingSetting
com/tencent/ads/examples/WechatAds/AddWechatMomentAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.WechatAds.AddWechatMomentAds
com/tencent/ads/api/BrandApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.BrandApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/Ad.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Ad
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatLocalBusinessReviewStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLocalBusinessReviewStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLocalBusinessReviewStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresSearchInfoGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresSearchInfoGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/Authentication/GetAccessToken.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.Authentication.GetAccessToken
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchOperationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchOperationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchOperationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AgencyInnerTransferAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgencyInnerTransferAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskScope.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskScope
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskScope$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CpaFunnelStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CpaFunnelStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetDynamicAdImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetDynamicAdImages
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetSceneSpecTags.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetSceneSpecTags
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateDailyBudgetAdvertiser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateDailyBudgetAdvertiser
com/tencent/ads/model/TextListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TextListStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingsShareApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingsShareApi$9
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/DeleteAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.DeleteAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesLeadsType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesLeadsType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateProductItems.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateProductItems
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatLocalBusinessQualificationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLocalBusinessQualificationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLocalBusinessQualificationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountListStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductCatalogsReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCatalogsReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalStoresWxpayMerchants.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalStoresWxpayMerchants
com/tencent/ads/model/PagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudienceFilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceFilesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/AdvancedOperations/RapidAddAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.AdvancedOperations.RapidAddAds
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/AddConversions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.AddConversions
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/DynamicAdTemplatesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.DynamicAdTemplatesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/AddWechatPagesCsgrouplist.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.AddWechatPagesCsgrouplist
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddLocalEndadsmanually.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddLocalEndadsmanually
com/tencent/ads/model/InterestTargetingTagSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.InterestTargetingTagSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportAdUnionListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportAdUnionListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddressParsingResultGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeLivingDescStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeLivingDescStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskDetailResultType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskDetailResultType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskDetailResultType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/Trace.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Trace
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPrePermissionsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPrePermissionsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyDataFeatureSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyDataFeatureSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ClickEffectDataTrendsItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClickEffectDataTrendsItem
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativeTemplateVersionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeTemplateVersionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeTemplateVersionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/QualificationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.QualificationsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantAccountPermission.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantAccountPermission
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicAdImagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicAdImagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/RealtimeCostGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RealtimeCostGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudience.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudience
com/tencent/ads/model/LinkPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LinkPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantScopeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantScopeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantScopeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetAndroidChannelPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetAndroidChannelPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateTargetings.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateTargetings
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/DeleteWechatQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.DeleteWechatQualifications
com/tencent/ads/examples/MoreAds/AddDynamicProductAds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.MoreAds.AddDynamicProductAds
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSet.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSet
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepBehaviorOptimizationGoalPermissionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepBehaviorOptimizationGoalPermissionStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagFilesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagFilesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundStatementsDetailedGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundStatementsDetailedGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniGameProgramSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniGameProgramSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserDetailGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserDetailGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplateOwnershipType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateOwnershipType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateOwnershipType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertySetsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSaleStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSaleStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSaleStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CanvasAppDownloadSpecType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CanvasAppDownloadSpecType
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupGetSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupGetSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CostGuaranteeStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CostGuaranteeStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.CostGuaranteeStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingPageApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingPageApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteVideos.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteVideos
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ModelBoolean.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ModelBoolean
 com.tencent.ads.model.ModelBoolean$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdLabelsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdLabelsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomTagsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomTagsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLevelHourly.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLevelHourly
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLevelHourly$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdQualificationsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdQualificationsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/IndividualQualificationRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IndividualQualificationRead
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/BarrageApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BarrageApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/BidSimulationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BidSimulationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/UpdateSplitTests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.UpdateSplitTests
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageOperationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageOperationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageOperationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudiencesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudiencesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CatalogStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupCreateSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupCreateSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/MiniprogramAmount.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MiniprogramAmount
com/tencent/ads/model/DateRange.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DateRange
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplatesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplatesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteWinAdgroupStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteWinAdgroupStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetCustomAudienceEstimations.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetCustomAudienceEstimations
com/tencent/ads/model/WebsiteStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WebsiteStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WebsiteStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddAudienceGrantRelations.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddAudienceGrantRelations
com/tencent/ads/model/UnpublishAppId.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnpublishAppId
com/tencent/ads/model/CategoryPathsItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CategoryPathsItem
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DpApiReportLevel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpApiReportLevel
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpApiReportLevel$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatFundsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatFundsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TradeTypeExt.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TradeTypeExt
 com.tencent.ads.model.TradeTypeExt$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/RealtimeCostGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RealtimeCostGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LimitWechatAdBehavior.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LimitWechatAdBehavior
com/tencent/ads/model/IncludeSimpleRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IncludeSimpleRule
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertiesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertiesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/UpdateWechatPagesCsgrouplist.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.UpdateWechatPagesCsgrouplist
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatCustomerSystemStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatCustomerSystemStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatCustomerSystemStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatPagesGrantinfoApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatPagesGrantinfoApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/InfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.InfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UrlMatchRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UrlMatchRule
com/tencent/ads/model/DpPageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpPageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkPageTypePermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkPageTypePermit
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ShareContentSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShareContentSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/AssetPrePermissionsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AssetPrePermissionsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ShootingSceneInCount.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingSceneInCount
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingSceneInCount$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteSurroundingsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteSurroundingsStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AuditSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuditSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingPageListApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingPageListApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeCountdownTimeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeCountdownTimeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeCountdownTimeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetCapabilities.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetCapabilities
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetResult.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetResult
com/tencent/ads/api/AdvertiserApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdvertiserApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLandingPageResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLandingPageResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/RangeDistribution.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RangeDistribution
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/RecommendMethod.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RecommendMethod
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetTargetingTagReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetTargetingTagReports
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidChannelPackagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidChannelPackagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LbsType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LbsType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeWechatAdDailyReportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeWechatAdDailyReportSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateDailyBudgetCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateDailyBudgetCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelTaskStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelTaskStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelTaskStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportLevel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportLevel
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportLevel$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksGetFileInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksGetFileInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/SimpleCanvasSubType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SimpleCanvasSubType
 com.tencent.ads.model.SimpleCanvasSubType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetWechatAdvertiser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetWechatAdvertiser
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoreBizInfoStructRsp.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreBizInfoStructRsp
com/tencent/ads/model/FeatureValueDataType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FeatureValueDataType
 com.tencent.ads.model.FeatureValueDataType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdFollowersGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdFollowersGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/GetCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.GetCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/QqBrowserMiniProgram.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QqBrowserMiniProgram
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormListGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormListGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/BusinessManagerRelationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.BusinessManagerRelationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdcreativeDeepLinkUrlItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdcreativeDeepLinkUrlItem
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/BehaviorTargetingTagSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BehaviorTargetingTagSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddPromotedObjects.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddPromotedObjects
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/StringUtil.java
 com.tencent.ads.StringUtil
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportLinkNameStructPermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportLinkNameStructPermit
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SpeedMode.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SpeedMode
 com.tencent.ads.model.SpeedMode$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsQrcodeGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/InvalidPayLeadsDetail.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.InvalidPayLeadsDetail
com/tencent/ads/container/ImagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ImagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatEcommerceProductSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatEcommerceProductSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeLine.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeLine
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeLine$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalAdsSpecRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalAdsSpecRead
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesSpecFilteringValueStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSpecFilteringValueStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplatesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsMatchType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsMatchType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsMatchType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/ComplianceValidationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ComplianceValidationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/Memo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Memo
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdVideoTemplatesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TopSliderSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TopSliderSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagFilesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagFilesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AmUserActionSetType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AmUserActionSetType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AmUserActionSetType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportConversionsPredictRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportConversionsPredictRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGrantinfoGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGrantinfoGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ShopAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShopAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceInsightsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceInsightsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/AdvancedOperations/AddComplexTargetings.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.AdvancedOperations.AddComplexTargetings
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportBillingSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportBillingSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundStatementsDetailedApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddCustomTagFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddCustomTagFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresSearchInfoGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresSearchInfoGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/VideomakerVideocapturesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.VideomakerVideocapturesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/AddWechatQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.AddWechatQualifications
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailCompeteDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailCompeteDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AuthAccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuthAccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AuthAccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalStoresSearchInfoApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalStoresSearchInfoApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PackageStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessManagerRelationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessManagerRelationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsVerticalsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsVerticalsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/DpMiniProgramSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpMiniProgramSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/AuthorizationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AuthorizationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CostType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CostType
 com.tencent.ads.model.CostType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupDeepConversionWorthRateItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupDeepConversionWorthRateItem
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductsSystemStatusGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductsSystemStatusGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/FundTransferAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundTransferAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/DailyBalanceReportApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DailyBalanceReportApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/MusicAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MusicAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetCustomTagFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetCustomTagFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchOperationAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchOperationAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceInsightsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceInsightsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgroupUserGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgroupUserGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/EstimationApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.EstimationApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/UpdateLocal.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.UpdateLocal
com/tencent/ads/model/CreditRollSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreditRollSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsQuantity.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsQuantity
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsQuantity$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageByComponentsAddPagesStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageByComponentsAddPagesStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativePreviewsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativePreviewsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserOperatorStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserOperatorStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayForm.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayForm
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayForm$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/VideomakerTasksApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.VideomakerTasksApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelPackageSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelPackageSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ProfilesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProfilesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingComplexTemplateGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingComplexTemplateGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingTemplateGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingTemplateGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductItemsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductItemsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductCategoriesList.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductCategoriesList
com/tencent/ads/guice/interceptors/DiffHostInterceptor.java
 com.tencent.ads.guice.interceptors.DiffHostInterceptor
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDetailedGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDetailedGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/UpdateOuterClues.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.UpdateOuterClues
com/tencent/ads/model/Sortord.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Sortord
 com.tencent.ads.model.Sortord$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalStoresCategories.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalStoresCategories
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsGetResult.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsGetResult
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateExcludeUnionPositionPackageItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateExcludeUnionPositionPackageItem
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySetsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySetsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAndroidUnionChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddPropertyFileSessions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddPropertyFileSessions
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/NumberRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.NumberRestriction
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductsSystemStatusGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductsSystemStatusGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncReportsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncReportsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/constants/DiffHostConfig.java
 com.tencent.ads.constants.DiffHostConfig
com/tencent/ads/auth/Authentication.java
 com.tencent.ads.auth.Authentication
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductCatalogsReportsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductCatalogsReportsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetPlayablePages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetPlayablePages
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/AdvertiserApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdvertiserApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesSpecFilteringStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesSpecFilteringStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/BarrageRecommendApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BarrageRecommendApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/CampaignsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CampaignsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsUvGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsUvGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PayStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PayStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PayStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplateDetailApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/OuterCluesContactApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.OuterCluesContactApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddAssetPermissions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddAssetPermissions
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadCluesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadCluesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestSpecificationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingComplexTemplateGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingComplexTemplateGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetCustomAudienceReports.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetCustomAudienceReports
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchAsyncRequestsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchAsyncRequestsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdatePromotedObjects.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdatePromotedObjects
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailCreativeDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailCreativeDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SceneTargeting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SceneTargeting
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/DeleteAdcreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.DeleteAdcreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchRequestSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchRequestSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupConfiguredStatusItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupConfiguredStatusItem
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/DeleteSplitTests.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.DeleteSplitTests
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementRejectDetailInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementRejectDetailInfo
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteXijingPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteXijingPage
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementShelf.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementShelf
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingTemplateListApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingTemplateListApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/ProfilesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProfilesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/DynamicCreativesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.DynamicCreativesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdParamGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdParamGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddXijingPageByComponents.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddXijingPageByComponents
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepWorthOptimizationGoalPermissionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepWorthOptimizationGoalPermissionStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativePreviewsQrcode.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativePreviewsQrcode
com/tencent/ads/model/ShelfSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShelfSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsAddListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsAddListStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalEstimatedamountApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalEstimatedamountApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAdcreativeTemplateList.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAdcreativeTemplateList
com/tencent/ads/model/AppActionObjectType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppActionObjectType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppActionObjectType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAgencyApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAgencyApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/BusinessManagerRelationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BusinessManagerRelationsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresUpdateListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresUpdateListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserDetailGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserDetailGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailTargetDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailTargetDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetCreativetoolsText.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetCreativetoolsText
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ExcludedConvertedAudience.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExcludedConvertedAudience
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PublishAppId.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PublishAppId
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemsVerticalsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemsVerticalsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizationGoalPermissionsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizationGoalPermissionsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatExposureDiagnosisResultSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatExposureDiagnosisResultSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/FloatAppDownloadSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FloatAppDownloadSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/UpdateEcommerceOrder.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.UpdateEcommerceOrder
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/RealtimeCostApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.RealtimeCostApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/CalculateStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CalculateStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.CalculateStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/EstimationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.EstimationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/BatchRequestsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BatchRequestsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingPageInteractiveApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingPageInteractiveApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DestinationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DestinationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DestinationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageListGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageListGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceEstimationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceEstimationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PeakPeriod.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PeakPeriod
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/UpdateDailyBudgetAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.UpdateDailyBudgetAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/model/ExposureEffectDataStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExposureEffectDataStruct
com/tencent/ads/anno/NeedDiffHost.java
 com.tencent.ads.anno.NeedDiffHost
com/tencent/ads/model/AgeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AgeStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/UserActionSetReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserActionSetReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetBarrageRecommend.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetBarrageRecommend
com/tencent/ads/api/AsyncTaskFilesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTaskFilesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UserAction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserAction
com/tencent/ads/auth/OAuth.java
 com.tencent.ads.auth.OAuth
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsInvalidPayGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsInvalidPayGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionMarketJumpType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionMarketJumpType
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionMarketJumpType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PageElementsSpecListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageElementsSpecListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdProduct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdProduct
com/tencent/ads/model/CreativeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CreativeStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPackageSysStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPackageSysStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPackageSysStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatAdvertiserLocalBusinessApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DailyCostGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DailyCostGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagsUvApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagsUvApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ParamMatcher.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ParamMatcher
com/tencent/ads/model/AsyncTasksAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AsyncTasksAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdditionalIndustryQualificationsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdditionalIndustryQualificationsSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateBidStrategyItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateBidStrategyItem
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/CapabilitiesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CapabilitiesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/PageStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundStatementsDetailedGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundStatementsDetailedGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomLocationsItemWithName.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomLocationsItemWithName
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeLogoPage.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeLogoPage
com/tencent/ads/model/DeleteAdgroupItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeleteAdgroupItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdLabelsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdLabelsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdQualificationsSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdQualificationsSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddWechatPages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddWechatPages
com/tencent/ads/api/PromotedObjectsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.PromotedObjectsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsStatusInfoStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsStatusInfoStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdcreativeSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdcreativeSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/FieldType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FieldType
 com.tencent.ads.model.FieldType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/FundStatementsDailyApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.FundStatementsDailyApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatLinkAdSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatLinkAdSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdjustmentTypeEnum.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdjustmentTypeEnum
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdjustmentTypeEnum$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageAddPagesStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageAddPagesStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductsSystemStatusApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductsSystemStatusApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetAccountType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetAccountType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetAccountType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/EcommerceOrderGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EcommerceOrderGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/Comparator.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Comparator
 com.tencent.ads.model.Comparator$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/ComplianceValidationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ComplianceValidationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/App.java
 com.tencent.ads.App
com/tencent/ads/model/ServiceSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ServiceSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteIntenseTrendStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteIntenseTrendStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UserPropertySet.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserPropertySet
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/BookLength.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BookLength
 com.tencent.ads.model.BookLength$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BehaviorInterestTimeWindow.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BehaviorInterestTimeWindow
 com.tencent.ads.model.BehaviorInterestTimeWindow$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WildcardsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserUpdateDailyBudgetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/AssetPermissionsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AssetPermissionsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelIconItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelIconItem
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEstimatedamountGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEstimatedamountGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ExcludeSimpleRule.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExcludeSimpleRule
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetFunds.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetFunds
com/tencent/ads/model/GroomClothing.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GroomClothing
 com.tencent.ads.model.GroomClothing$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/SceneSpecTagsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.SceneSpecTagsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/Pair.java
 com.tencent.ads.Pair
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoreLocation.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoreLocation
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddUserActionSets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddUserActionSets
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetDailyCost.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetDailyCost
com/tencent/ads/model/AdDiagnosisGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdDiagnosisGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/AndroidChannelPackagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AndroidChannelPackagesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AnimateFloatButtonSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AnimateFloatButtonSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UserActionSetsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UserActionSetsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ExposureEffectDataTrendsItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ExposureEffectDataTrendsItem
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayablePagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayablePagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateConfiguredStatusUpdateConfiguredStatusStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatOcpaSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatOcpaSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/PropertySetSchemasApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.PropertySetSchemasApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskType
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/PropertySetsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.PropertySetsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalEndadsmanuallyApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalEndadsmanuallyApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageProcessingAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageProcessingAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/ChannelsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ChannelsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/ShopApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ShopApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TaskTypeUpdateAndroidChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TaskTypeUpdateAndroidChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteAttribution.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteAttribution
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteAttribution$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/SourceType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SourceType
 com.tencent.ads.model.SourceType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/AudienceGrantRelationsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AudienceGrantRelationsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/MediaStatusType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaStatusType
 com.tencent.ads.model.MediaStatusType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCreativeElementsWithOptions.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCreativeElementsWithOptions
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerSubtitlesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerSubtitlesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingDiagnosisConclusionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingDiagnosisConclusionSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/VideosApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideosApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAndroidChannelPackageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAndroidChannelPackageSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddAdgroups.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddAdgroups
com/tencent/ads/container/UnionPositionPackagesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.UnionPositionPackagesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomFeaturesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomFeaturesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicCreativesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicCreativesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdcreativeLandingPageItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdcreativeLandingPageItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/DetailCpaDetailStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DetailCpaDetailStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.VideomakerAutoadjustmentsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/BookJson.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BookJson
com/tencent/ads/model/Adgroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Adgroup
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductSeriesType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductSeriesType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/UpdateQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.UpdateQualifications
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchRequestsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchRequestsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelsGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelsGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementFloat.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementFloat
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetEstimation.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetEstimation
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupAppAndroidChannelPackageIdItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupAppAndroidChannelPackageIdItem
com/tencent/ads/exception/TencentAdsResponseException.java
 com.tencent.ads.exception.TencentAdsResponseException
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddPlayablePages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddPlayablePages
com/tencent/ads/model/AdRuleSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdRuleSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetAsyncTasks.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetAsyncTasks
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/container/LeadCluesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LeadCluesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocal.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocal
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPrePermissionsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPrePermissionsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/UpdateLeadClues.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.UpdateLeadClues
com/tencent/ads/utils/NameValuePair.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.NameValuePair
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/UpdateUserPropertySets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.UpdateUserPropertySets
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCategoriesListGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCategoriesListGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BidStrategy.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidStrategy
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidStrategy$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesCustomApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCustomApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/LookalikeSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LookalikeSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionTargetType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionTargetType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionTargetType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/LeadsFormApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.LeadsFormApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionBehaviorSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionBehaviorSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CostDiagnosisConclusionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CostDiagnosisConclusionSpec
com/tencent/ads/auth/ApiKeyAuth.java
 com.tencent.ads.auth.ApiKeyAuth
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelPackageStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelPackageStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ApiErrorStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ApiErrorStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/AdDiagnosisApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdDiagnosisApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/container/XijingComplexTemplateApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.XijingComplexTemplateApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/UpdateAdvertiser.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.UpdateAdvertiser
com/tencent/ads/model/OcpaLearningSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OcpaLearningSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AccountPermission.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AccountPermission
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPromotedObjectType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPromotedObjectType
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPromotedObjectType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdLabelGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdLabelGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalProfileType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalProfileType
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalProfileType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/ChannelsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ChannelsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceFilesGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceFilesGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCustomAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCustomAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DiagnosisConclusionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DiagnosisConclusionSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateFrequency.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateFrequency
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateFrequency$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/KeywordSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.KeywordSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateBidAmountResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatPagesCsgrouplistApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatPagesCsgrouplistApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsGetTaskListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsGetTaskListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDetailedGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDetailedGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/TimeSeriesSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TimeSeriesSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/VideosApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.VideosApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageInteractiveApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageInteractiveApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AppBehavior.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppBehavior
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/ProcessStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProcessStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProcessStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/TopImageSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TopImageSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/SmartAdjustment.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SmartAdjustment
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductCategoriesListApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductCategoriesListApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsGetGrantSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/GoodsButtonSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.GoodsButtonSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionTargetingLabelContributionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionTargetingLabelContributionStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerSubtitlesAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerSubtitlesAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PagesGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PagesGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessMdmAccountRelationsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/ProductItemsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ProductItemsApi$9
com/tencent/ads/api/FundStatementsDailyApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.FundStatementsDailyApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/AsyncTasksApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AsyncTasksApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/ParamMatcherGroup.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ParamMatcherGroup
com/tencent/ads/container/SubcustomerTransferApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.SubcustomerTransferApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionMarketSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionMarketSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportConversionsPredictResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportConversionsPredictResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomFeaturesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomFeaturesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/XijingPageByComponentsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XijingPageByComponentsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdLabelsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdLabelsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomerProfileAgeStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomerProfileAgeStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/LocalBusiness/GetLocalStoresSearchInfo.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.LocalBusiness.GetLocalStoresSearchInfo
com/tencent/ads/model/TrafficSufficiencyTrendStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TrafficSufficiencyTrendStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ShootingScene.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingScene
 com.tencent.ads.model.ShootingScene$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ConversionEffectDataStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ConversionEffectDataStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductPromotedObjectTypeSelect.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductPromotedObjectTypeSelect
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductPromotedObjectTypeSelect$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ImageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LocardBehaviorsListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocardBehaviorsListItem
com/tencent/ads/model/AdGroupCreativeCombinationType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdGroupCreativeCombinationType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdGroupCreativeCombinationType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BidSimulateResultItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidSimulateResultItem
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplateSize.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateSize
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateSize$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteUnionPositionPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteUnionPositionPackages
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportPageTypeStructPermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportPageTypeStructPermit
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdFollowersGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdFollowersGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/LeadsFormApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LeadsFormApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeBannerContent.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeBannerContent
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/AdUnionReport.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.AdUnionReport
com/tencent/ads/model/CatalogIndustry.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogIndustry
 com.tencent.ads.model.CatalogIndustry$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/DeleteCampaigns.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.DeleteCampaigns
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportConversionsPredictResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportConversionsPredictResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizationGoalPermissionsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizationGoalPermissionsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesContactUpdateListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesContactUpdateListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/Aggregation.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Aggregation
 com.tencent.ads.model.Aggregation$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/OauthTokenResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OauthTokenResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportType
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsUpdateDatetimeRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/GetUserPropertySets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.GetUserPropertySets
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeCardContent.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeCardContent
com/tencent/ads/model/AutoDerivedCreativeStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AutoDerivedCreativeStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AutoDerivedCreativeStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddCustomAudiences.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddCustomAudiences
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddDynamicAdImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddDynamicAdImages
com/tencent/ads/model/IntOptimizationGoal.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.IntOptimizationGoal
 com.tencent.ads.model.IntOptimizationGoal$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/BarrageRecommendGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BarrageRecommendGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdTemplateType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdTemplateType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsFormAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsFormAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/MaxQuotaEnum.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MaxQuotaEnum
 com.tencent.ads.model.MaxQuotaEnum$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/PackageAuditStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageAuditStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageAuditStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/MpInfoUpdate.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MpInfoUpdate
com/tencent/ads/model/AdCreativeSource.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeSource
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdCreativeSource$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateDeepConversionBehaviorBidItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateDeepConversionBehaviorBidItem
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ImagesDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ImagesDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/PromotedObjectAppAndroidSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PromotedObjectAppAndroidSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateVideos.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateVideos
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomFeaturesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomFeaturesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateLocalStoreStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateLocalStoreStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEndadsmanuallyAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEndadsmanuallyAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetImages
com/tencent/ads/model/TopVideoSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TopVideoSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/VerticalItemSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VerticalItemSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/Keyword.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Keyword
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementText.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementText
com/tencent/ads/model/AdDiagnosisGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdDiagnosisGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AdditionalIndustryQualificationsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdditionalIndustryQualificationsStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddXijingPageInteractive.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddXijingPageInteractive
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportVideoFrameResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportVideoFrameResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/BidSimulationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.BidSimulationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayableType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayableType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayableType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/GetPropertySets.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.GetPropertySets
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresWxpayMerchantsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CompeteBudgetDetailsStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CompeteBudgetDetailsStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddTargetingsShare.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddTargetingsShare
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetType
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserDetailGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserDetailGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/api/ImagesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$11
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$12
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$13
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$14
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$15
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$16
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$17
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$18
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$19
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$20
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.ImagesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/AdQualificationSharedStatus.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdQualificationSharedStatus
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdQualificationSharedStatus$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLandingPageListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLandingPageListStruct
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerVideocapturesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerVideocapturesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/SliderSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SliderSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/LabelContributionListItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LabelContributionListItem
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteWechatPages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteWechatPages
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/VideomakerVideocapturesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideomakerVideocapturesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddLeadsForm.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddLeadsForm
com/tencent/ads/model/AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AndroidUnionChannelPackagesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/container/AdcreativeTemplateListApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdcreativeTemplateListApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsUpdateResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsUpdateResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdvertiserSpecificationGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesGrantinfoGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesGrantinfoGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingPageListApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingPageListApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ActionProductInformType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionProductInformType
 com.tencent.ads.model.ActionProductInformType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DpAdcreativeCreativeElementsMp.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DpAdcreativeCreativeElementsMp
com/tencent/ads/container/AdLabelApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.AdLabelApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/AddAdcreativePreviews.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.AddAdcreativePreviews
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundTransferAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundTransferAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativePreviewsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativePreviewsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OperationSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OperationSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementStructProperty.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementStructProperty
com/tencent/ads/model/QualificationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.QualificationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/AddQualifications.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.AddQualifications
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalEstimatedamountGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalEstimatedamountGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdgroupsDeleteResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdgroupsDeleteResponseData
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingTemplateListApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingTemplateListApi$5
com/tencent/ads/api/OuterCluesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.OuterCluesApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ReportLandingPageRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ReportLandingPageRequest
com/tencent/ads/api/AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AdcreativesRelatedCapabilityApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/MatchRuleType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MatchRuleType
 com.tencent.ads.model.MatchRuleType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/WechatFundTransferApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.WechatFundTransferApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddProfiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddProfiles
com/tencent/ads/model/FormConfigDetailData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FormConfigDetailData
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatFundsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatFundsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/ClickTargetingLabelContributionStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ClickTargetingLabelContributionStruct
com/tencent/ads/container/LocalStoresCategoriesApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.LocalStoresCategoriesApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionSpec
com/tencent/ads/api/CustomAudienceReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.CustomAudienceReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/DeleteAssetPermissions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.DeleteAssetPermissions
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Tools/GetDiagnosis.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Tools.GetDiagnosis
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddDynamicAdVideo.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddDynamicAdVideo
com/tencent/ads/api/XijingComplexTemplateApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.XijingComplexTemplateApi$5
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductItemsDetailApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductItemsDetailApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/BusinessManagerRelationsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BusinessManagerRelationsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/OptimizeSubStatusStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptimizeSubStatusStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/LandingPagePlatform.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPagePlatform
 com.tencent.ads.model.LandingPagePlatform$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/RecommendedRating.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RecommendedRating
 com.tencent.ads.model.RecommendedRating$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/EstimationGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.EstimationGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AdsManagement/AddDynamicCreatives.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AdsManagement.AddDynamicCreatives
com/tencent/ads/model/RevisedAdcreativeSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.RevisedAdcreativeSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/SplitTestsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SplitTestsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesCsgrouplistGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/FundsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertyFileSessionsUpdateResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertyFileSessionsUpdateResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsAddGrantToBusinessSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsAddGrantToBusinessSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/SiteSetDefinition.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SiteSetDefinition
 com.tencent.ads.model.SiteSetDefinition$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductCatalogsReportsGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductCatalogsReportsGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateCampaignConfiguredStatusItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateCampaignConfiguredStatusItem
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatAdLabelsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatAdLabelsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/ListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchRequestsAddListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchRequestsAddListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/OuterCluesAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OuterCluesAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/SubMethod.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SubMethod
com/tencent/ads/model/UnionPositionPackagesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnionPositionPackagesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchOperationAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchOperationAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomTagsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomTagsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/PageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.PageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdcreativeSpecForDc.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdcreativeSpecForDc
com/tencent/ads/api/WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.WechatPagesCsgroupUserApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetVideos.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetVideos
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateListGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateListGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoRestriction
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingTagReportsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingTagReportsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplatePreviewsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PlayVoice.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayVoice
 com.tencent.ads.model.PlayVoice$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateListGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateListGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DplabelAdLabelGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DplabelAdLabelGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudiencesDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudiencesDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddBarrage.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddBarrage
com/tencent/ads/model/PackageLevel.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageLevel
 com.tencent.ads.model.PackageLevel$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/api/UserPropertiesApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.UserPropertiesApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdsUpdateConfiguredStatusListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/SmartTargeting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SmartTargeting
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BidSimulationGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BidSimulationGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/Operator.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.Operator
 com.tencent.ads.model.Operator$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/container/CustomAudienceEstimationsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.CustomAudienceEstimationsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatDailyCostGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatDailyCostGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/TargetingsShareGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TargetingsShareGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/UnsupportBillingSpecAdpermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UnsupportBillingSpecAdpermit
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/AddBrand.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.AddBrand
com/tencent/ads/model/AppAndroidUnionSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppAndroidUnionSpec
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/UserData/AddUserActions.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.UserData.AddUserActions
com/tencent/ads/container/SceneSpecTagsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.SceneSpecTagsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/api/AsyncTasksApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$10
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$5
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$6
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$7
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$8
 com.tencent.ads.api.AsyncTasksApi$9
com/tencent/ads/model/ProductItemSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ProductItemSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CampaignsUpdateDailyBudgetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/BrandGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BrandGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/UpdateAdgroupAutoAcquisitionItem.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.UpdateAdgroupAutoAcquisitionItem
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetXijingComplexTemplate.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetXijingComplexTemplate
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionsDeleteRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionsDeleteRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetAppAndroidChannelPackages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetAppAndroidChannelPackages
com/tencent/ads/model/AppDownloadSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AppDownloadSpec
com/tencent/ads/container/RealtimeCostApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.RealtimeCostApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/FundStatementsDailyGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FundStatementsDailyGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/AudiencesManagement/AddCustomAudienceFiles.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.AudiencesManagement.AddCustomAudienceFiles
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetsAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetsAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/TelSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.TelSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/FilteringStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.FilteringStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasUpdateRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasUpdateRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeVideoPopupButton.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeVideoPopupButton
com/tencent/ads/model/OverrideCanvasHeadOption.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OverrideCanvasHeadOption
 com.tencent.ads.model.OverrideCanvasHeadOption$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WriteTargetingSetting.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WriteTargetingSetting
com/tencent/ads/model/ChannelTaskError.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelTaskError
 com.tencent.ads.model.ChannelTaskError$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/CreativeToolBox/GetWildcards.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.CreativeToolBox.GetWildcards
com/tencent/ads/model/LeadsInvalidPayGetResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LeadsInvalidPayGetResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/MpInfoRead.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.MpInfoRead
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Insights/GetCustomAudienceInsights.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Insights.GetCustomAudienceInsights
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductCategoriesListApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductCategoriesListApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/SupportDynamicAbilitySpecList.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.SupportDynamicAbilitySpecList
com/tencent/ads/api/VideomakerTasksApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.VideomakerTasksApi$5
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/AddSubcustomerTransfer.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.AddSubcustomerTransfer
com/tencent/ads/utils/BasicNameValuePair.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.BasicNameValuePair
com/tencent/ads/model/AudienceGrantRelationsAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AudienceGrantRelationsAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/container/ProductItemsVerticalsApiContainer.java
 com.tencent.ads.container.ProductItemsVerticalsApiContainer
com/tencent/ads/model/VideosAddResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideosAddResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/PropertySetSchemasAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.PropertySetSchemasAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/WildcardsGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardsGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/ApiException.java
 com.tencent.ads.ApiException
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeElementRestriction.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeElementRestriction
com/tencent/ads/api/TargetingTagReportsApi.java
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi$1
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi$2
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi$3
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi$4
 com.tencent.ads.api.TargetingTagReportsApi$5
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatPagesDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatPagesDeleteResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/AdcreativeTemplateListStructAdpermit.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdcreativeTemplateListStructAdpermit
com/tencent/ads/model/OptBidStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.OptBidStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/VideoEndPageType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoEndPageType
 com.tencent.ads.model.VideoEndPageType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundTransferAddRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundTransferAddRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/BatchAsyncRequestsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.BatchAsyncRequestsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/utils/URLEncode.java
 com.tencent.ads.utils.URLEncode
com/tencent/ads/model/AssetPermissionSpecStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AssetPermissionSpecStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/AdParamGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdParamGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetPages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetPages
com/tencent/ads/model/DynamicAdImagesGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DynamicAdImagesGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/model/ElementAnimateFloat.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.ElementAnimateFloat
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/GetProductCatalogs.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.GetProductCatalogs
com/tencent/ads/model/CustomAudienceFilesAddResponseData.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.CustomAudienceFilesAddResponseData
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepOptimizationActionType.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepOptimizationActionType
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepOptimizationActionType$Adapter
com/tencent/ads/model/AdvertiserGetListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdvertiserGetListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/XjConfigStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.XjConfigStruct
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/Account/GetBusinessManagerRelations.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.Account.GetBusinessManagerRelations
com/tencent/ads/model/AdParamListStruct.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.AdParamListStruct
com/tencent/ads/model/DeepConversionWorthAdvancedSpec.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.DeepConversionWorthAdvancedSpec
com/tencent/ads/model/WechatFundsGetResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WechatFundsGetResponse
com/tencent/ads/examples/BasicOperations/BusinessAssets/UpdateImages.java
 com.tencent.ads.examples.BasicOperations.BusinessAssets.UpdateImages
com/tencent/ads/model/WildcardsGetRequest.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.WildcardsGetRequest
com/tencent/ads/model/LocalStoresDeleteResponse.java
 com.tencent.ads.model.LocalStoresDeleteResponse
